README.md, before:

# jamyth-script (v2)

A CLI tool for one-key setup [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [React](https://reactjs.org/tutorial/tutorial.html), [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/).

Feature Includes:

- Create a complete customizable [React](https://reactjs.org/tutorial/tutorial.html) Project with just a key.
- Support TypeScript, Scss.
- Save time configuring webpack settings.
- Easy to change `webpack.config.js` when needed.
- Currently freezed to webpack 4
- Path Alias support
- Easy Command to generate component and module

# Installation and Usage

The easiest way to use jamyth-script

```
yarn global add jamyth-script
```

After that, type the following to the console.

```
jamyth-script new my_awesome_project
```

Then the cli will automatically generate all the files needed.

File Structure will look like this

```
* my_awesome_project
|
+-- node_modules
+-- src
|   +-- asset
|   +-- component
|   +-- module
|   |   +-- main
|   |       +-- component
|   |       |   +-- Main.tsx
|   |       |   +-- index.scss
|   |       +-- index.ts
|   +-- util
|   |   +-- async.tsx
|   +-- index.tsx
|
+-- static
|   +-- index.html
|
+-- package.json
+-- tsconfig.json
+-- webpack.config.js
+-- yarn.lock
```

## Generating Module / Component

In src folder, there will be two folder called component and module.
To keep the structure organized. we do not suggest directly added folder and file.

Instead, we suggest you to do the following

```
// First cd to your project directory, or the follow commands cannot
// execute properly.

jamyth-script g module home --state|-s --asset|-a

// --asset -> will generate an asset folder in the module
// --state -> will generate a type.ts for the interface and more

================================================

jamyth-script g component logo --asset|-a

// --asset -> will generate an asset folder in the component
```

when the installation complete, simply cd the project folder and

```
yarn start
```

## Code Splitting

To keep your webapp optimized, we provided a dynamic import solution for code splitting.
You can apply this feature in two ways.

> This functionality is inspired by `React.lazy`. But we also support `Named Export` as well as `Default Export`.

1. Route Component -> Split by Page
2. Module / Component -> Split whenever calling another module or component

```
// Logo.tsx
export const MyLogo = React.memo(() => <img src={mylogo}/>)

// Module.tsx
import { async } from 'util/async'

const myLogo = async(() => import('component/logo'), 'MyLogo')

export const Module = React.memo(() => {
    return (
        <main>
            <myLogo />
        </main>
    )
})
```

#Commands
| Command | Description| Param Required |
|--- |--- |--- |
| new <project_name> | Generate a React Project | Yes |
| g <module\|component> < name > | Create module or component | Yes |

#Todos

- npm support
- react-router
- redux
- ~~path alias~~ -> v1.2.23
- ~~React.memo~~ -> v1.2.23
- ~~Code Splitting~~ -> v1.3.0
- non-typescript
- and more ...

#Licenses
MIT licensed. Copyright (c) Jamyth Luk 2020.

Commit message:

[RELEASE]: 2.2.5: added module/component for js

README.md, after:

# jamyth-script (v2)

A CLI tool for one-key setup [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [React](https://reactjs.org/tutorial/tutorial.html), [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/).

Feature Includes:

- Create a complete customizable [React](https://reactjs.org/tutorial/tutorial.html) Project with just a key.
- Easy to switch between Npm and Yarn
- Support Javascript and Typescript.
- Support Scss
- Save time configuring webpack settings.
- Easy to change `webpack.config.js` when needed.
- Currently freezed to webpack 4
- Path Alias support
- Easy Command to generate component and module

# Installation and Usage

The easiest way to use jamyth-script

```
yarn global add jamyth-script
```

After that, type the following to the console.

```
jamyth-script new my_awesome_project
```

Then the cli will automatically generate all the files needed.

File Structure will look like this

```
* my_awesome_project
|
+-- node_modules
+-- src
|   +-- asset
|   +-- component
|   +-- module
|   |   +-- main
|   |       +-- component
|   |       |   +-- Main.tsx
|   |       |   +-- index.scss
|   |       +-- index.ts
|   +-- util
|   |   +-- async.tsx
|   +-- index.tsx
|
+-- static
|   +-- index.html
|
+-- package.json
+-- tsconfig.json
+-- webpack.config.js
+-- yarn.lock
```

## Generating Module / Component

In src folder, there will be two folder called component and module.
To keep the structure organized. we do not suggest directly added folder and file.

> P.S. jamyth-script will automatically detect the language of the project (js | ts) and generate a suitable module / component, so don't worry

Instead, we suggest you to do the following

```
// First cd to your project directory, or the follow commands cannot
// execute properly.

jamyth-script g module home --state|-s --asset|-a

// --asset -> will generate an asset folder in the module
// --state -> will generate a type.ts for the interface and more

================================================

jamyth-script g component logo --asset|-a

// --asset -> will generate an asset folder in the component
```

when the installation complete, simply cd the project folder and

```
yarn start
```

## Code Splitting

To keep your webapp optimized, we provided a dynamic import solution for code splitting.
You can apply this feature in two ways.

> This functionality is inspired by `React.lazy`. But we also support `Named Export` as well as `Default Export`.

1. Route Component -> Split by Page
2. Module / Component -> Split whenever calling another module or component

```
// Logo.tsx
export const MyLogo = React.memo(() => <img src={mylogo}/>)

// Module.tsx
import { async } from 'util/async'

const myLogo = async(() => import('component/logo'), 'MyLogo')

export const Module = React.memo(() => {
    return (
        <main>
            <myLogo />
        </main>
    )
})
```

# Start new project with flags

| Flags             | Description                             |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| --npm             | use npm as package manager              |
| --js --javascript | create new project that uses javascript |

#Commands
| Command | Description| Param Required |
|--- |--- |--- |
| new <project_name> <flags> | Generate a React Project | Yes |
| g <module\|component> < name > | Create module or component | Yes |

#Todos

- npm support
- react-router
- redux
- ~~path alias~~ -> v1.2.23
- ~~React.memo~~ -> v1.2.23
- ~~Code Splitting~~ -> v1.3.0
- non-typescript
- and more ...

#Licenses
MIT licensed. Copyright (c) Jamyth Luk 2020.
